README.md, before:

# Sulu block bundle
A Symfony Bundle for Sulu content management platform containing boilerplate blocks

## 1. Installation
###Composer
```bash
composer require connectholland/sulu-block-bundle
```
###Activation of the bundle
Add the bundle class to `app/AbstractKernel.php` in the `registerBundles` function
```php
new ConnectHolland\Sulu\BlockBundle\ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle()
```

## 2. Usage
###Template
Add or adjust a page template file (be aware of adding xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude")
```xml
<!-- app/Resources/templates/pages/default.xml -->
<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<template xmlns="http://schemas.sulu.io/template/template"
          xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
          xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
          xsi:schemaLocation="http://schemas.sulu.io/template/template http://schemas.sulu.io/template/template-1.0.xsd">

    <key>default</key>

    <view>templates/default</view>
    <controller>SuluWebsiteBundle:Default:index</controller>
    <cacheLifetime>2400</cacheLifetime>

    <meta>
        <title lang="en">Default</title>
        <title lang="nl">Standaard</title>
    </meta>

    <properties>
        <!--
        <section name="highlight">
            <properties>
                <property name="title" type="text_line" mandatory="true">
                    <meta>
                        <title lang="en">Title</title>
                        <title lang="nl">Titel</title>
                    </meta>
                    <params>
                        <param name="headline" value="true"/>
                    </params>

                    <tag name="sulu.rlp.part"/>
                </property>

                <property name="url" type="resource_locator" mandatory="true">
                    <meta>
                        <title lang="en">Resourcelocator</title>
                        <title lang="nl">Adres</title>
                    </meta>

                    <tag name="sulu.rlp"/>
                </property>
            </properties>
        </section>

        <property name="article" type="text_editor">
            <meta>
                <title lang="en">Article</title>
                <title lang="de">Artikel</title>
            </meta>
        </property>-->

        <!-- Choose the same name as using in twig (see next paragraph) -->
        <block name="blocks" default-type="text" minOccurs="0">
            <meta>
                <title lang="en">Content</title>
                <title lang="nl">Inhoud</title>
            </meta>
            <types>
                <xi:include href="sulu-block-bundle://blocks/text.xml"/>
                <xi:include href="sulu-block-bundle://blocks/youtube.xml"/>
            </types>
        </block>

        <!-- Choose the same name as using in twig (see next paragraph) -->
        <block name="banners" default-type="text" minOccurs="0">
            <meta>
                <title lang="en">Banners</title>
                <title lang="nl">Banners</title>
            </meta>
            <types>
                <xi:include href="sulu-block-bundle://blocks/text.xml"/>
                <xi:include href="sulu-block-bundle://blocks/youtube.xml"/>
            </types>
        </block>
    </properties>
</template>
```
###Twig
Add includes to your twig templates
```twig
{% block content %}
    <div vocab='http://schema.org/' typeof='Content'>
        <h1 property='title'>{{ content.title }}</h1>

        <div property='article'>
            {{ content.article|raw }}
        </div>

        {% include 'ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle::html5-blocks.html.twig' %}
        {% include 'ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle::html5-blocks.html.twig' with {element: 'aside', collection: 'banners'} %}
    </div>
{% endblock %}
```
####Override twig templates
Put twig templates with the same name as the ones you want to override in `app/Resources/ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle`.
So if you want to override `src/Resources/views/html5/parts/images.html.twig` of this bundle, you should create the file `app/Resources/ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle/views/html5/parts/images.html.twig`.

And if you only want to override certain blocks of the templates in this bundle, the best way is to register the path of the bundle in twig.paths setting and extend the templates using the chosen name for this path in the file as described above.
```yml
# app/config/config.yml
# Twig Configuration
twig:
    # ...
    paths:
        '%kernel.root_dir%/../vendor/connectholland/sulu-block-bundle/src/Resources/views': ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle
```

```twig
{# app/Resources/ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle/views/html5/parts/images.html.twig #}
{% extends '@ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle/html5/parts/images.html.twig' %}

{% block image_source %}{{ image.thumbnails['50x50'] }}{% endblock %}
```

## 3. Available blocks
- Text with title (text)
- Images with title (images)
- Images with title and text (images_text)
- Youtube video with title (youtube)

Commit message:

Auto add the path for twig templates

README.md, after:

# Sulu block bundle
A Symfony Bundle for Sulu content management platform containing boilerplate blocks

## 1. Installation
###Composer
```bash
composer require connectholland/sulu-block-bundle
```
###Activation of the bundle
Add the bundle class to `app/AbstractKernel.php` in the `registerBundles` function
```php
new ConnectHolland\Sulu\BlockBundle\ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle()
```

## 2. Usage
###Template
Add or adjust a page template file (be aware of adding xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude")
```xml
<!-- app/Resources/templates/pages/default.xml -->
<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<template xmlns="http://schemas.sulu.io/template/template"
          xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
          xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
          xsi:schemaLocation="http://schemas.sulu.io/template/template http://schemas.sulu.io/template/template-1.0.xsd">

    <key>default</key>

    <view>templates/default</view>
    <controller>SuluWebsiteBundle:Default:index</controller>
    <cacheLifetime>2400</cacheLifetime>

    <meta>
        <title lang="en">Default</title>
        <title lang="nl">Standaard</title>
    </meta>

    <properties>
        <!--
        <section name="highlight">
            <properties>
                <property name="title" type="text_line" mandatory="true">
                    <meta>
                        <title lang="en">Title</title>
                        <title lang="nl">Titel</title>
                    </meta>
                    <params>
                        <param name="headline" value="true"/>
                    </params>

                    <tag name="sulu.rlp.part"/>
                </property>

                <property name="url" type="resource_locator" mandatory="true">
                    <meta>
                        <title lang="en">Resourcelocator</title>
                        <title lang="nl">Adres</title>
                    </meta>

                    <tag name="sulu.rlp"/>
                </property>
            </properties>
        </section>

        <property name="article" type="text_editor">
            <meta>
                <title lang="en">Article</title>
                <title lang="de">Artikel</title>
            </meta>
        </property>-->

        <!-- Choose the same name as using in twig (see next paragraph) -->
        <block name="blocks" default-type="text" minOccurs="0">
            <meta>
                <title lang="en">Content</title>
                <title lang="nl">Inhoud</title>
            </meta>
            <types>
                <xi:include href="sulu-block-bundle://blocks/text.xml"/>
                <xi:include href="sulu-block-bundle://blocks/youtube.xml"/>
            </types>
        </block>

        <!-- Choose the same name as using in twig (see next paragraph) -->
        <block name="banners" default-type="text" minOccurs="0">
            <meta>
                <title lang="en">Banners</title>
                <title lang="nl">Banners</title>
            </meta>
            <types>
                <xi:include href="sulu-block-bundle://blocks/text.xml"/>
                <xi:include href="sulu-block-bundle://blocks/youtube.xml"/>
            </types>
        </block>
    </properties>
</template>
```
###Twig
Add includes to your twig templates
```twig
{% block content %}
    <div vocab='http://schema.org/' typeof='Content'>
        <h1 property='title'>{{ content.title }}</h1>

        <div property='article'>
            {{ content.article|raw }}
        </div>

        {% include 'ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle::html5-blocks.html.twig' %}
        {% include 'ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle::html5-blocks.html.twig' with {element: 'aside', collection: 'banners'} %}
    </div>
{% endblock %}
```
####Override twig templates
Put twig templates with the same name as the ones you want to override in `app/Resources/ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle`.
So if you want to override `src/Resources/views/html5/parts/images.html.twig` of this bundle, you should create the file `app/Resources/ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle/views/html5/parts/images.html.twig`.

And if you only want to override certain blocks of the templates in this bundle, you can extend the base template by using the namespace `@sulu-block-bundle`.

For example like this:
```twig
{# app/Resources/ConnectHollandSuluBlockBundle/views/html5/parts/images.html.twig #}
{% extends "@sulu-block-bundle/html5/parts/images.html.twig" %}

{% block image_source %}{{ image.thumbnails['50x50'] }}{% endblock %}
```

## 3. Available blocks
- Text with title (text)
- Images with title (images)
- Images with title and text (images_text)
- Youtube video with title (youtube)
